
#  Gesines' wambo Coffe Shop
## description
This project is a plattform for customers of 'wambo coffe shop'. Different products are listed by title, desctription, incredients, price and tax.
Users can put them in a shopping cart and order them by interface.
For now, there is no login needed. This will probably be expanded later.

## Fuctionality
The Project comes as a onepager, with frontend based on Angular Material and backend based on Symfony 5.
Frontend an backend communicate by RESTApi. The products and orders are stored in a postgreSQL database.
All necessary technologies are served by and running in a docker container, which is generated by a docker-compose.yml file.

## User Interface
The site comes with a header bar, the main area for the content and a footer aera. 
The header shows a logo-image on the left and a cart-icon on the right.
On init, the main area shows the product items in a flex-grid. 
The footer shows the contact data of 'wambo coffe shop'.

Each item comes with an 'order'-button. 
Users can click for more details, to show description and incredients.
If the 'order'-button is clicked, the item is added to a temporary basket without loading the backend.
After adding an item, the cart-icon shows the current number of items in the basket.
After adding an item, also a 'go to cart'-button and a 'continue'-button' are shown on the item-area and the 'order'-button is hidden.
If the 'continue'-button is clicked, 'order'-button is displayed and a 'continue'-button' are hidden.

On clicking at the cart-icon or the 'order'-button, cart-route is executed. 
The content is structured in three tabs: 1. Your basket, 2. your personal data, 3. summary.
The first tab '1. Your basket' shows the basket with a table of all added items, with the following collumns: product-name, number of ordered products, price without tax, tax, price with tax. On the right of this number there is a plus-icon, which allows to raise the number. On the left, theres a minus-icon to withdraw.
Below the table on the right side, the sum of the full order-price is displayed.
Underneath there is a 'order now' button, in click the second tab is shown.
The second tab '2. Your personal data' contains a formular, to get the user data: firstname, surname, address, zip-code, city, e-mail, mobil/phone. All fields are required. 
Below the grayed out button 'complete order' is displayed. If all field are filled out, the button is activated and colored and the next tab can open.
The third tab lists the full order, with all items, summary-price and user personal data.
Below theres the final button 'order now'. 
Clicking the 'order now'-button executes the order-route. On success a congratulation-message is show and a button to load the first page is displayed below.

## Technoligy used
- docker
- composer
- PostgreSQL latest
- php 8.2
- Rest API
- Symfony 5 for backend
- Angular Material for frontend
- font-awesome free for the icons

## Project setup
The database comes with following tables:
- poducts
  - columns:
    - id (type: int, key)
    - name (type: int)
    - shortname (type: string)
    - description (type: string)
    - incredients (type: jsonb)
    - price (type: float)
    - tax_id (type: int)
- tax
  - columns:
    - id (type: int, key)
    - percent (type: int)
- order
  - columns:
    - id (type: int, key)
    - from (type: timestamp)
    - 
- order_items
    - id (type: int, key)
    - product_id (type: int)

## Backend routes
/
On intit, a backend route serves the product records from the database by a index controller. 

/cart
On clicking at the cart-icon or the 'buy now'-button, a http POST-request is send to 

/order

## Styleguide
- font-family: Roboto, sans-serif
- Primary button color: black
- secondary button color: red
